---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netdot_rr Resource - netdot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An RR (resource record) represent a domain name, and is associated with a zone.
---

# netdot_rr (Resource)

An RR (resource record) represent a domain name, and is associated with a zone.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource record.
- `zone` (String) Zone name for this Record.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Active status of the resource record.
- `auto_update` (Boolean) Determines whether this record can be updated by an automated process. For example, if a Device Interface changes its name and the change is picked up by an SNMP update.
- `expiration` (String) Expiration date for this Record (YYYY-MM-DD).
- `info` (String) Additional information about the resource record.
- `ip_addresses` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses))

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name for this Record (name + zone).
- `id` (Number) ID of the resource record.
- `zone_id` (Number) Zone ID for this Record.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IP or optionally CIDR of ipblock.
- `asn_id` (Number) ID of the autonomous system.
- `description` (String) Description of the IP block.
- `info` (String) Additional information about the IP block.
- `interface_id` (Number) ID of the interface associated with the IP block.
- `monitored` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP block is monitored.
- `owner_id` (Number) ID of the owner associated with the IP block.
- `parent_id` (Number) ID of the parent IP block.
- `prefix` (Number) The prefix length of the IP block.
- `rir` (String) I have no idea what this does...
- `status` (String) Static | Reserved | Available | Subnet | Container
- `use_network_broadcast` (Boolean) Whether the network and broadcast addresses in this IPv4 block should be marked as reserved or not.
- `used_by_id` (Number) ID of entity that uses this block.
- `version` (Number) IP version of the block (4 or 6).
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of VLAN (within the database, not the actual VLAN ID) that this block is associated with.

Read-Only:

- `asn` (Number) Name of the autonomous system.
- `id` (Number) ID of the IP block.
- `interface` (String) Name of the interface associated with the IP block.
- `owner` (String) Name of the owner associated with the IP block.
- `parent` (String) CIDR of the parent IP block.
- `status_id` (Number) ID of the status of the IP block.
- `used_by` (String) Name of entity that uses this block.
- `vlan` (Number) VLANID (the actual VLAN ID) that this block is associated with.
